feat(custom-resource): add External ID support for AwsCustomResource (#35252)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/aws-cdk-lib/custom-resources/README.md

});
```

#### Using External IDs for Enhanced Security

> For enhanced security when assuming cross-account roles, you can specify an external ID to prevent "confused deputy" attacks. The external ID is a secret value that both you and the role owner must know:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When assuming cross-account roles, you can specify an external ID to prevent the "confused deputy" problem. The external ID is a unique identifier provided by the third-party service that helps ensure the service is acting on behalf of the correct customer:
```

```ts
const crossAccountRoleArn = 'arn:aws:iam::OTHERACCOUNT:role/CrossAccountRoleName';

> const secretExternalId = 'unique-secret-value-12345'; // This should be a secret known only to you and the role owner

Reviewer: We should avoid the word "secret" because it is not treated as such. It is just an Id. 

```suggestion
const secretExternalId = 'unique-secret-value-12345'; // External ID provided by the third party service. This value should be unique among the third-party service's customers.

```

});
```

#### Using External IDs for Enhanced Security

When assuming cross-account roles, you can specify an external ID to prevent the "confused deputy" problem. The external ID is a unique identifier provided by the third-party service that helps ensure the service is acting on behalf of the correct customer:

```ts
const crossAccountRoleArn = 'arn:aws:iam::OTHERACCOUNT:role/CrossAccountRoleName';
const serviceExternalId = 'unique-secret-value-12345'; // External ID provided by the third party service. This value should be unique among the third-party service's customers.

new cr.AwsCustomResource(this, 'SecureCrossAccount', {
  onCreate: {
    assumedRoleArn: crossAccountRoleArn,

>     externalId: secretExternalId, // Prevents confused deputy attacks

Author: You're right! The variable name in the README example doesn't match what was defined earlier. I have fixed the variable reference.
